9/6/2022 12:30
Meeting minutes:
    went over merge requests to ensure it was all there
    Style guide sorted:
        before each function, put parameters and what it returns
        label the functions that we indivually do with our names/zID
        variable names: important variables to be clear. Counters to be i or j
        Indentation: 4 spaces
    Approval for merge requests: Must have two other teammates approve before submitting the merge request
    Need to do:
        fill in data.md : two arrays, one for people one for channels
        We can then sort by userID;
        James and Yash is filling in the data.md then merging it



Time and date: 12:30pm 16/06/2022

Location: Bench outside Quad G025

Minutes written by: Leon Kapaniris

Attendees:
    Leon Kapaniris
    James White
    Yash Dudam
    Eugene Lee
    Srihari Jayaraman

Agenda:
Iteration 0 submission reflection:
    Recieved feedback in person by tutor. Will recieve a written copy tomorrow 17/07/2022
    Reflected on how we could improve

New business: Iteration 1 released:
    Read over the iteration so we can have an understanding of the iteration
        Discussed the order of the assignment. This must be completed in this order
        1) Creating assumptions (complete by Sunday night)
        2) Creating black box texts (complete by Sunday night)
        3) Fill in the functions (complete by Tuesday or attempt before)
        Assigned the various functions to individuals
            James: authLoginV1, authRegisterV1
            Leon: channelInviteV1, userProfile
            Yash: channelMessagesV1, clearV1
            Eugene: channelsCreateV1, channelsListV1, channelsListallV1
            Srihari: channelJoinV1, channelDetailsV1 

Next meeting scheduled for 21/06/2022 at 7:30pm

To be Discussed for next meeting: (Leonidas Kapaniris 20/06/2022)
    The 'DM' and message aspect of the assignment. Do we need to have a data segment allocated to it?
    or another part of the user? Maybe even another data store labelled messageStore
    The variables that the userData and channelData must have (id, name, members, etc)
    npm tests. individually running? any issues with package.json across the board?
    Should we have a branch dedicated to running the tests such as a channel implementation branch


Meeting started: 8/08pm 21/06
Attendees: 
    Leon Kapaniris
    James White
    Yash Dudam
    Eugene Lee
    Srihari Jayaraman
Location: Microsoft Teams

DM not supposed to be in it: A couple forum posts about it. Yash is currently working on it. Leave the actual message outside
Talk to a tutor about bad assumption 1
Add a message aspect to the channel. Array of objects {userId & string}
Yash for any message parts
The permissions is being handled by Srihari and Eugene respectivily

Data to be grabbed by the functions? For each testing, recrate users and channels

Creating a new branch for testing 
    If a member needs another funtion to work and so forth, wait until the final test is sent to the master, the pull master the master, test and so on


5/07/2022 started at 6.00pm and went for 20 minutes

attendees:
James,
Eugene,
Leon, 
Yash,
Srihari 
We decided that we would all contribute to converting files to typescript. 
Until our next meeting we will do this and also start writing tests. 
We will each choose 6 functions and declare them on the issues board.


7/07/2022 started at 7.00pm and went for an hour

attendees:
Eugene,
Leon, 
Yash,
Srihari 

We assigned ourselves to the functions and tests we will be doing. We did the assignment in teams.
We also decided that we would create a new array in dataStore to hold tokens. 
From here we need to work on our functions and make some functions that will generate and handle tokens.


12/07/2022 started at 7.00pm and went for 40 minutes

attendees:
Eugene,
Leon, 
Yash,
Srihari,
James

We figured out which functions still need to be completed and assigned people to do them. 
We made a schedule for the rest of the week so we get everything done. 
We aim to complete the HTTP functions by Thursday night and use Friday to fix any errors and get everything to work.


13/07/2022 started at 2.40pm and went for 35 minutes

attendees:
Eugene,
Leon, 
Yash,
Srihari,
James

We finished everything to do with typescript and merged it into master. 
Now we can start implementing our functions and tests for the server.


14/07/2022 started at 12.30pm and went for 30 minutes

attendees:
Leon, 
Eugene,
Yash,
James

We did some collaborative error checking to get through some tricky problems.


15/07/2022 started at 1.00pm and went for 45 minutes

attendees:
Leon, 
Eugene,
Yash,
James

We figured out what still needs doing including errors, tests and functions. 
We will be implementing these things up until the due time


02/08/2022 started at 8:15pm and went for 25 minutes

attendees:
Yash,
Srihari

We discussed our progress and split up the remaining it3 tasks:
- Modifying dataStore to accommodate stats
- Fixing coverage
- Implementing standup features in it2 functions
- Hashing and updating the method to create ids
- Documentation - elicitation and use cases
the rest of the group accordingly.